<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:06:41.834000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P4 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P5 { font-size:14pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T8 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
     { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P5">Gesan</p><p class="P4"><span class="T8">        The primary race of the Vogelian Supremacy is the Gesan, who are a distinct six-limbed mammal with various avian features. The overall bodily structure is that of a human, with the average height being 5’5” to 5’11” though there exist many differences which separate it from a standard humanoid. The most obvious difference is the skin being almost entirely covered in a layer of feathers akin to the down type fluff found on birds, with some sections having what effectively equates to hair or fur growing instead. The equally large difference is the inclusion of two extra limbs which take the form of wings extending out to eight feet or more on either side of the main body. These wings are normally tucked in though, and are only shown off during gliding, slow flight, or highly expressive moments, letting one work in enclosed areas without much issue. After this, one can notice the floppy canine ears, which had devolved from normally pointed wolf ears, situated on the top of the head rather than the side which grant better hearing and differentiation of a noise’s source than a human’s ears. A large, flexible tail is found on the back as well, which ends in a large feather crest intended for the stabilization of flight, with it sometimes being used as a status symbol in more primal displays by males. The chest is also puffed up in size, indicating a keel’s presence underneath which is meant to help sustain larger lung muscles in order to achieve flight. The mouth region has also been slightly shifted to match more closely with the nose, whose own sensory abilities are relatively average. The eyes differentiate as well, with them being slightly larger than a human’s, though they offer little in the improvement of vision due to the decreasing necessity of it in evolution. The legs also oddly feature a set of feather fans intended to also help stabilize flight and provide better gliding capabilities. Similarly to the wings, these feather fans can also be folded in entirely, allowing one to handle normal activities without disruption. </span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T8">Reproductive functions are relatively standard, with a gestation period usually lasting seven to nine months after a child is initially conceived. The growth course of a Gesan is also fairly normal, though the growth spurt of the teen years is enhanced, enabling one to effectively reach adulthood after 16 years. Sexual dimorphism is quite limited, with females simply being slightly more slender while trending to have somewhat duller colorations. The Gesan race as a whole though can have any color in its plumage, with patterns being able to have a maximum of four colors. These patterns are usually rather simple outside of the tail feather crest, and are formed through large bodily separations for linear, sweeping designs. This race came about due to a unique line in evolution where saurian creatures had continued their evolution to a bird-like state before a rapid cooling of the world killed off most creatures. The few that survived had evolved to have more mammalian features and would eventually remove their reptilian features to handle a cold environment. However, the Gesan retained their wings, with the positioning of these two limbs moving to their back while long feathers were kept around at key points. This line of evolution continued, with mammalian features cropping up more often before outright humanoid traits began to appear. Hollow bones would be kept alongside other avian and canine features, though the end result is still a humanoid mammal with a developed mind. Though this does not offer many advantages, the Gesan can glide safely from most heights while also having a more compact muscle mass that helps sustain impacts and power basic flight in a low altitude point, similar to an owl. </span></p></body></html>