<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T16:56:48.043000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P2 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P3 { font-size:14pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T8 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T13  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P3">M<span class="T13">edicine</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8">        The medical system has been in line with such domestic advances as well, though its inventions are shown to be most clearly stemmed from the military focus. Things like nanobots have remained inefficient, and replaced primarily by sealant liquid for flesh wounds and potent drugs for disease based treatment. Heavy damage to the body is often treated with simple cybernetic replacement, to an almost uncomfortable level as even a few fingers or toes missing can result in one having a brand new cyborg hand or foot. Advanced conditions like cancer are similarly dealt with by utilizing brute force methods such as precise surgical removal or injection of miniature radioactive bombs. While such methods are technically far more advanced than those of an older era, their nature is based in simply dealing overwhelming damage against the cause of bodily issues, which can result in various harsh side-effects. Most commonly, a person might experience more damage from the treatment than what the illness had inflicted, but these are usually considered small prices to pay. On the higher end of treatments, STEM cell research has led to full organ replacement practices, allowing for significant life extension towards those willing to pay. This does sometimes also branch off into full cybernetic replacement, where the brain of a person is placed into a metal body with bare-minimum biological functions. This makes the person far harder to kill, as the brain must be destroyed for successful termination, though people in such a state are rare, with only the social elite and high-level soldiers being afforded the procedure.</span></p></body></html>