<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:31:27.110000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P2 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .Standard { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P1"><a id="docs-internal-guid-4f16e221-7fff-c6cf-ee37-91b5f7149a36"/>Shatter-Class Battleship</p><p class="P2"><span class="T2">        The Shatter-class battleship is an FTL capable spacebound war-vessel intended to push in the initial breakthrough operation that lets friendly troops land before eventually becoming the means of destroying other spaceships for orbital supremacy. It measures 300 meters long, 80 meters wide, and 80 meters tall, and hosts 2,000 men for its crewing needs. The ship provides life support to all areas maintained by the crew, though an absence of artificial gravity forces the crew members to rely on water suits and magnetic boots for mitigating bodily degradation and being able to move around safely. The living quarters for the personnel are placed around the ship’s center, with them being located in a compartmentalized manner surrounding the CIC for the vessel. An array of laser-initiated inertial fusion plants is then placed at the back, and is responsible for powering the ship’s systems and an array of helium/neutron exhaust drives. The vessel also has four landing bays, with two placed on either side at the back and the other two being placed on either side of the middle structure. The bays are wide enough to have four craft land at a time, and can also hold larger recon vessels to take off in controlled circumstances, with launch tubes placed in between them. An array of radiators is then connected to the top and bottom of the vessel in a symmetrical design, venting the excess heat. Finally, the forward prow holds weapons, supplies, and basic maintenance facilities, granting long-term capabilities. The ship can hold up to 35 fighter craft at a time as a complement, along with about eight general support craft. The supply stores can also keep the ship fighting actively for five hours, though general operations can be as long as six months before resupply is needed.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T2">        The ship relies on the raw lethality of most weapons in space, and thus only mounts four general rotation meter-wide railguns that fire torch missiles. Said torch missiles mount a single WW-13 point defense turret on themselves, and remain entirely inert until either in active danger or close enough to an enemy vessel where they may need to shift direction for direct impacts. Upon impact, a single torch missile delivers force relatively equivalent to a tactical nuke, with it having enough penetration to usually ignore most forms of armor. It tends to falter in planetary bombardment however, and is considered inefficient for such. These are then supported by two more equally wide railguns mounted on the top and bottom sections, with limited rotational arcs being provided to those turrets due to their positioning. 12 sets of missile silos also support from the prow section, with forward silos being responsible for firing ICBM-scale ordnance to directly combat other enemy ships while the back missile silos fire off AW-01 ordnance to provide point defense and damage against smaller enemy vessels. A full 36 WW-13 point defense turrets act to support these systems as well, with the fighter complement being used as a screening force when not in recon or a specialized mission. Outside of this, the ship mainly relies on maneuvers, though it does have an actively cooled composite armor layer as a last defense. It starts with 3 Whipple shields, moves on to magnidar brick plating, a composite mesh predispersal interlayer, a peltor alloy dispersal honeycomb, a hardened impact layer, a composite modular mesh binder, breach sealant buffer, radiation shielding, a buffer gel interlayer, and an interior surfacing layer.</span></p><p class="Standard"> </p></body></html>