<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:45:09.211000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P2_borderStart { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P2 { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P2_borderEnd { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P4 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .P5_borderStart { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P5 { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P5_borderEnd { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .T1 { color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    .T9 { text-decoration:none ! important; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P2_borderStart"><a id="docs-internal-guid-76829535-7fff-1bf9-631a-5348d5a19cfd"/>Infantry Armor</p><p class="P1">Standard Infantry Helmet IO-5</p><p class="P5">The IO-5 is the basic infantry helmet which combines a ballistic shell, a communication system, an integrated lamp, padding, a filtration unit, an inbuilt HUD-capable visor, and straps into a modular design. These listed parts, outside of the lamp and HUD, can be detached in the field for both repairs and general usage of components for survival. The padding is made to be comfortable and absorbent, reducing heat and sweat for users when under combat stress while retaining full submersibility. The HUD-capable visor is designed with a multitude of focal points on the side, allowing the user to zoom in up to 8x by shifting them around. If meshed with properly sealed armor, the helmet can retain functionality for a user in a vacuum, with more advanced variants of this design usually just having an added armor layer of different material.</p><p class="P1">Heavy Infantry Helmet IO-7</p><p class="P5">The IO-7 is the heavy variant of the standard helmet, with its components being fully integrated and the helmet itself being implanted into worn armor. It has a standard filtration system, an internal advanced HUD, and a sealed dome with a camera sensor unit on the outside, providing parallax vision for the user. Most versions of this helmet also have a pair of magnetic docking stem bolts with a distribution center in order to provide a neural interface for the user with the camera systems. The standard radio system is upgraded alongside this to be able to distribute information from the sensor unit to other infantry, while other infantry can relay information back in case the sensor unit is taken out. The helmet itself is a composite armor that places ballistic silk meshed with hazplas on the outer layer, with a heavy kyral steel ballistic cap underneath that has a thickness of 13mm.</p><p class="P1">Standard Particle Filtration Unit</p><p class="P5">The standard particle filtration unit was designed to handle the constant chemical weapon usage of the Vogelian Supremacy, and is distributed to all soldiers. It works by having air filtered through a series of charged linear meshes surrounded with a series of chemical sensors and a capillary sponge carrying a liquid specialized in protection from prevalent hazards. This is combined with auxiliary oxygen tanks that keep the soldier breathing while inside a chemically dense zone and under combat stress. The filtration system is able to handle both particle and gaseous hazards, with it struggling when under extreme thermal stress or forced to continuously handle highly corrosive substances. The unit also has adaptable spongey seals that maintain a full grip over a user while molding to fit different racial faces found in the Vogelian Supremacy. This seal also enables it to work in a vacuum, and most soldiers see it as a death sentence to not have one on them at all times.</p><p class="P1">Standard Infantry Boots IO-11</p><p class="P5">The standard infantry boots, or IO-11, was built with planetary conquest in mind, and uses primarily a rubber-variant of hazplas in order to be produced. Made waterproof, fireproof, chemically resistant, and shrapnel resistant, these boots can be sealed with other armor pieces in vacuum and harsh environment conditions to keep a user protected. Basic armor plating is placed over leg sections of the boots along with the tip and shin to provide added protection, and the shape is molded easily enough for different users as needed. These boots do not resist small arms fire, but they allow passage through hazardous terrain as needed. </p><p class="P5">A variant of the standard boots, named the IO-12, exists for scout units, with the armor plates being removed in exchange for the soles incorporating a joint mechanism that lets the wearer flex the provided arch. This usually is aided by a spring steel function, letting one achieve 80% contact on uneven terrain or outright minimize contact to achieve high speeds without tripping. Minor support mechanisms also help prevent injury, keeping scouts on the move without reducing speed.</p><p class="P1_borderEnd">Standard Infantry Trousers IO-22</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The standard trouser set for infantry, or IO-22, is made from a carbon nanotube mesh that occasionally has plating over it to help enhance protection. Designed to be shrapnel resistant, these trousers will not stop any small-arms fire, though they can help minimize damage and focus projectiles into primarily creating impact damage, though not to the point of preventing a broken bone. A minor mesh with hazplas keeps these trousers waterproof, fireproof, and chemically resistant, enabling for a soldier to wade through rivers and boggy environments. The trousers can also be made into a vacuum seal with other armor components, keeping them usable in all fields.</span></p><p class="P1">Heavy Infantry Trousers IO-23</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The heavy variant of the infantry trousers, or IO-23, are meant for personnel not wearing power armor, but are still using heavy weapons while fighting in extreme combat situations such as boarding actions or high level urban engagements. The base layer is now entirely ballistic silk, with a dragonscale cover being placed over it to provide full protection against small arms fire. Magnidar reinforcement is placed alongside to help flex the material against heavier fire, though under high caliber these trousers will usually falter, with caught projectiles still impacting most of their force to a point of where constant fire can break one’s legs. The trousers can usually be meshed with a basic exoskeleton, enhancing the capability of users who choose to include it, though at the cost of added weight.</span></p><p class="P1">Infantry Body Armor IO-9</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The IO-9 is a full body armor suit with gloves and a tail cover being included with it. It is capable of meshing with other parts to complete a vacuum seal, and is similarly proof against basic exposure to the environment, fires, and full water submersion. A basic ballistic silk layer is used with hazplas and polywool being meshed into it while dragonscale is placed over critical points and the tail cover. Ferrofiber reinforcement completes the armor, enabling the suit to entirely withstand pistol rounds fired from range while minimizing and occasionally stopping other forms of small-arms fire. Highly penetrative projectiles and excessive thermal forces are enough to shred it though, and any soldier will still use cover when wearing this.</span></p><p class="P1">Heavy Personnel Body Armor IO-15</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The IO-15 is a more armored version of the IO-9, once more intended to serve as a line between power armor and regular infantry wear. It features a far heavier layer of ballistic silk with magnidar reinforcement assisting it directly as the main layer. A thin peltor chassis helps the armor retain its </span><span class="T2">shape, and dragonscale is freely incorporated into the suit, with the power of the scales being made to withstand high caliber fire successfully. Matching this, the armor itself can also withstand high caliber fire more successfully, though stretching the material with constant impacts can eventually lead to it being shredded. Extreme thermal forces or corrosive attacks notably also severely degrade the armor past functional levels, making it falter on death worlds. The armor can have a basic exoskeleton mounted to it, enabling the wearer to not only handle the increased weight, but use larger weapons with it more freely.</span></p><p class="P1">Basic Utility Belt IO-26</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The IO-26 utility belt is used by most of the Vogelian military, with their weight being made to be minimized. These are simple, compressed toolkit holders which one can place equipment of their choice into as needed. A soldier can usually fit a basic supply of first aid items into an IO-26 belt alongside the Mark 3 combat knife, though larger variants are able to house a full scope and repair tools at best. This belt also adds a basic level of protection at the waist, though it is often negligible in combat situations due to the design of the material being meant only for basic environmental resistance.</span></p><p class="P1">Furnace Bracer IO-27</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The IO-27 furnace bracer was developed privately for the heavy class of infantry that do not use power armor but still need to absorb the recoil of heavier weapons. A large armored surface conceals a dampening system which can be seen depressing into place, similar to the hydraulic recoil system found in tanks. This helps stabilize the user’s aim and absorbs the recoil partially when continuously firing, while also providing a noticeable boost to the protection of the wrists for any wearer, comparable to a few millimeters of peltor alloy.</span></p><p class="P1">Mark 1 Powered Armor Suit</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 1 power armor suit is a fully sealed and armored exoskeleton intended only for the very best amidst the Vogelian military. All users of these suits must be augmented to at least be able to interface with the armor and handle the pressure of intense fire being blocked by the suit itself as well, with the suit’s own expenses keeping it quite rare. The primary armor plating is a 25mm thick layer of peltor alloy that is composited with magnidar covered in a graphene resin to fully reinforce it against conventional, chemical, thermal, and electromagnetic attacks equally. Padding made of ballistic silk is then placed over more exposed or vital sections to soak explosives and penetrators while helping keep the primary armor plate from being damaged. Sized-up dragonscales are usually implemented with this, adding a reactive layer to stop initial sprays of fire while severely minimizing the first impact of an anti-material rifle. Ferrofiber is used for springs and a basic chassis reinforcement, and the overall suit is capable of entirely ignoring small arms fire. Most of the armor is sloped as well, forcing opponents to use weapons intended for anti-vehicle purposes to have reasonable chances of breaking through the armor. Exposure of joints have been worked over to minimize chances of the suit being disabled to top this off, and soldiers in it can withstand a grenade impact without pause.</span></p><p class="P5_borderStart">The suit is also capable reaching 35km/h when going at a full sprint while having enough carrying capacity to fire a Mark 35 assault rifle converted into a light machine gun one-handed with full accuracy. Some versions of this suit mount an integrated one-shot portable missile launcher on the right shoulder, while others may mount a breaching plasma cutter, Mark 79 high-frequency blade, or Mark 12 slug cannon underslung on either powered gauntlet. Finally, the helmet system itself has a full sensor and scope unit which provides the user full parallax viewing of the area along with the ability to view thermal, infrared, and gravitic signals. It can actively receive signals from other information devices as well, with the scope unit being able to provide active measurements of ranges and general surrounding conditions, assisting a user in making precise tactical decisions. The suit is powered by wraps of carbon nanotube based capacitors, enabling it to operate in the field for a full 72 hours before charging is needed, not accounting for violent energy usage. </p><p class="P1">Infantry Flak Cloak IO-2</p><p class="P5">The IO-2 is the standard issue cloak in the Vogelian Supremacy. While somewhat odd for a military item, the IO-2 has been a mainstay in the Vogelian Supremacy thanks to not only its many uses, but the added protection it provides to the ordinarily folded in wings many soldiers have. Multiple stitched layers which combine ballistic silk and carbon nanotube meshing form this cloak, with it easily being painted or spruced up into local camo. On its own, it can not hold against small arms fire, though when covering body armor, it can help slow rounds to a point of where the IO-9 alone can entirely negate projectiles. Sadly, this still fails in stopping more potent fire, but the protection is not to be undervalued.</p><p class="P1">Wing Cloak IO-4</p><p class="P5">Commonly worn just underneath the primary armored cloak, wing cloaks have become an invaluable support item on the battlefield. Shorter, lighter, and thinner, they provide an additional layer of protection and reinforcement to the gliding wings. It mostly helps in saving the wings from innumerable cases of rot and fouling in the battlefield muck while offering added protection to the wings, but cases of using it to enhance gliding also exist.</p><p class="P1_borderEnd">EEOS IO-1</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Extreme Environment Operations Suit, or EEOS IO-1, is a sealed, vacuum capable suit made for infantry working in extraordinarily dangerous environments usually only present on worlds with abnormal atmospheric compositions. The outer layer is made entirely of reinforced hazplas made to resist most environmental conditions and thermal extremes. The second layer is a thin padding of ballistic silk stitched onto the outer layer of hazplas, serving as a basic protection against micro-debris and pistol rounds at best. The final layer is once more made of hazplas, though it is now made softer and intended to stretch against a user’s skin to provide a final seal. The suit also features attached packs on the waist and wrists, with automated sealing foam being released into breaches within the suit. The foam is only potent enough to provide a basic seal against the outer environment, but will not even slow any enemy fire. This suit can easily double as spacewear if needed, though its relatively bulky nature restricts movements for any users. Its resistance to corrosion, chemical, and thermal </span><span class="T2">conditions along with proofing against water and fire makes it still the go-to when operating in harsh conditions, with attachable life-support functions being available for soldiers. </span></p><p class="P1">Active Camo Wear IO-30</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The active camo wear IO-30 is a special suit that often takes the form of a fully covering cloak, though it can appear as an outfit too. It features zero defensive capabilities, as it is reliant on its own ability to hide the user by using an exterior layer of shifting imagery. This outer layer has the changing camo match the surroundings automatically, with an entirely still user being able to rely on the wear to completely form a realistic image blending with the environment. This is furthered by miniaturized systems underneath the wear lowering the thermal signature of the user to a point of matching the surroundings in order to blend in. Basic radar bending can help the user match complex terrain in the event of radar pings being used, and an infrared based system completes the camo by letting it match what it displays in terms of infrared signature.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T9"/></p></body></html>