<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:44:11.093000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P2_borderStart { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P2 { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P2_borderEnd { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P4 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .P7 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0in; line-height:138%; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .T1 { color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    .T9 { text-decoration:none ! important; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P2_borderStart"><a id="docs-internal-guid-6978dcb7-7fff-40c6-6cec-aefbef08fdea"/>Infantry Weapons</p><p class="P1_borderEnd">Mark 13 Battle Rifle</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 13 battle rifle is the standard firearm of the Vogelian Supremacy. It combines both solid chemical and electromagnetic rail propulsion to achieve extreme muzzle velocities, high penetration values, and long ranges with the standard 7.20x55mm EPSLAP round. The rifle is fully automatic, and can be switched to a single-fire mode for aimed shots, with soldiers using short bursts when in automatic as the round’s high velocity creates a high recoil even after counter-measures. Material advances have ensured the rifle can work in both vacuums and hazardous conditions, keeping it functioning even if submerged. It has a neon thermal ceramic cooling system for extensive fire periods, an attachable scope, standard 20 round magazines or extended 50 round magazines for use, a carry strap, and a small slot for bayonet attachments. The rifle also features a basic recoil dampening system consisting of a depressing ferrofiber spring mechanism, the rifle’s own weight, and a reinforced stock.</span></p><p class="P1">Mark 47 Anti-Material Sniper Rifle</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 47 anti-material sniper rifle is the standard sniping and anti-tank cannon of the Vogelian Supremacy. It uses the norm of solid chemical and electromagnetic rail propulsion, with the rifle’s muzzle velocity producing recoil only handleable by properly equipped soldiers. It usually mounts 20x180mm EPAPFSDS rounds which can be swapped for EPAPI, EPHEDP, or EPHE shells. The sheer power has made it intended to handle extremely durable targets such as augmented units, minor fortifications, defense emplacements, lightly armored vehicles, and medium tanks, though it handles regular sniping just as well. All versions of this rifle mount an integrated high powered scope, are vacuum capable, and use reinforced materials to handle not only the gun’s own high discharge, but to also withstand hazardous environments. Operatives using this rifle usually carry small capacitors on themselves due to the gun’s power drain, and magazines carry 10 rounds each, with no extended magazines being available. </span></p><p class="P1">Mark 7 Combat Pistol</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 7 combat pistol uses only chemical propulsion and is intended to serve in close range scenarios for urban warfare. It chambers 10x20mm STFP rounds that can pierce basic body armor at best, with it usually being better on unarmored targets. The pistol can mount a durable carbine grip, uses ten round magazines, can work in vacuums, and can handle hazardous environments. This pistol is considered best for tight room clearing, as the rounds tend to fall off at longer ranges, leaving it limited in normal engagements. </span></p><p class="P1">Mark 35 Assault Rifle</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 35 assault rifle is the other standard firearm of the Vogelian Supremacy, with it being used for relatively shorter and medium ranges in mainly urban and jungle environments. It uses solid chemical and gauss propulsion for high muzzle velocities, though the 7.20x35mm rounds used for this weapon dip earlier than the Mark 13 battle rifle. This has made it relatively less accurate, though it features a higher automatic fire rate than the Mark 13 battle rifle. It can be switched to a single-shot </span><span class="T2">mode for when ammo conservation is needed while being able to function in a vacuum and more hazardous environments than the norm. Complex systems like the neon thermal ceramic cooling are also lessened in size, enabling easier repairs when in the field. It has a standard 30 round magazine, a durable carry strap, a bayonet slot, and the ability to mount an underside one-shot grenade launcher for cases of heavier fighting.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 35 assault rifle can also be converted into a light machine gun within the field when necessary. By attaching a bipod and a basic ammo bucket underneath which holds 120 rounds, any of these rifles can be quickly placed down and used in heavy suppressive fire. Such a usage is marked by the neon thermal ceramic cooling system glowing a far brighter red than normal, offering a hint of intimidation to the automatic fire. Extended fire past two minutes will leave the gun damaged though, forcing personnel to exercise restraint. </span></p><p class="P1">Mark 3 Combat Knife</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 3 combat knife is the standard issue close combat weapon for most soldiers of the Vogelian Supremacy. Made from a tungsten-boron-carbide alloy, the Mark 3 combat knife features a monomolecular edge that is usually maintained by the implementation of the boron’s hardness, with it being able to cut through most basic body armor given enough pressure. This knife can be easily repurposed as a bayonet and has a reinforced rubber grip, with the weapon as a whole being able to survive hazardous environments and erosion. In an emergency, the monomolecular blade can also be used for precise surgery, helping save soldiers in the field.</span></p><p class="P1">Mark 79 High Frequency Combat Blade</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 79 high frequency combat blade is a rarely issued close combat weapon made with a single sided blade. This weapon usually measures around 60 to 70 centimeters, with it having a straight edge leading to a cut angle tip. It uses a reinforced peltor alloy for most of the construction, with the blade being made monomolecular. The sword is quite heavy due to an integrated power pack though, letting it only be used by enhanced personnel, with said power pack connecting to a vibration mechanism that increases the sword’s molecular frequency. After an initial strike, the sensor on it can identify an enemy’s armor composition, with the vibrations upping the sword to match the opposing molecular frequency. This allows it to cut through any material in its range, though high costs keep it rare despite its potency.</span></p><p class="P1">Standard Infantry Grenade “Bubble”</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The so-called “Bubble” grenade is the standard issue high explosive fragmentation grenade, with other payloads being available. Using a modified version of the Mark A156 propellant and a brittle container, the grenade uses a basic analog safety pin that can be placed back in assuming the clasp for the actual fuse does not detach. Fuse timers are usually four seconds, with the standard shrapnel explosion having a 10 meter kill radius.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">All other variants follow the same arming procedure, though they split off into a few primary types of grenades. The first is disorientation, which includes a smoke grenade that can fill up a small field bunker, a flashbang which is enhanced to make opponents outright deaf and blind, and a more rare </span><span class="T2">ion pulse grenade meant to disable electronics. The second group is usually identified as the conventionally lethal which includes the aforementioned high explosive fragmentation grenade, a basic shaped charge that can bust through about seven to ten centimeters of steel, and a rather heavy short ranged sticky anti-tank grenade that can usually cause damage against a light tank or APC. The final group is chemical, which includes fast spreading white phosphor grenades, enhanced dispersing nerve gas grenades, and sometimes high powered halidizing gas grenades that burst open to cover a small area near instantly. All of these grenade types can also be found as landmines, with the basic three landmine variants being activated by either pressure, detection of larger movements, or remote triggers.</span></p><p class="P1">Mark 12 Slug Cannon</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 12 slug cannon is a relatively new weapon variant that utilizes solid chemical propulsion. It fires an eight gauge sabot slug down a rifled barrel, with the weapon being fully automatic and capable of swapping to non-traditional HESH rounds. Viewed as a slug thrower rather than a shotgun variant, the Mark 12 slug cannon is quite bulky and overweight, making it difficult to use without augments or an exoskeleton. It is found in more hazardous conditions or boarding operations as the high durability keeps the weapon functioning when in harsh environments or a vacuum while also letting it be used as an impromptu club. Magazines pack 10 rounds, with the cannon being able to mount a bayonet, an underside grenade launcher, or a heavy breaching plasma cutter. The weapon also attaches a reinforced carry strap to handle its weight and is favored by more brutal operators. </span></p><p class="P1">Mark 24 Portable Missile Launcher</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 24 portable missile launcher is a specialized anti-armor and anti-air launcher intended for infantry use. It uses a recoilless tube design, and can reliably take down jet aircraft or cause extended damage to a heavy tank if used with a moderate level of experience. It has an advanced detection and targeting system found on the left side with infrared, gravity, and thermal being available for passive scanning and lock ons. Alternatively, an operative can switch the missile to be in a dumb fire mode or use a laser guidance system to have strikes made without automated lock-ons. Two cameras enable the missile to visualize terrain and enemies in 3-D, enabling it to use top attacks and maneuver around obstacles. All data from the launcher and squad units can be synced for avoiding countermeasures and offering advanced indirect fire. The missiles are made subsonic purposefully to have long ranges of active fuel while also retaining maneuverability, and the available warheads for the missiles are HEF, thermobaric, and HEAT hybridized with graphene cable meant to strike all types of vehicles equally.</span></p><p class="P1">Mark 49 Portable Rotary Gun</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Mark 49 rotary gun is a machine weapon that utilizes chemical propulsion and rail acceleration in a tri-barrel system. Its weight demands the weapon either be mounted on a vehicle or placed down as a platform weapon by what is normally a team of three. The rounds for it are 14x100mm EPAPFSDS and the firerate is 1,500 RPM, with the gun minimizing active fire times due to increased heating from the rail lining. It is also able to work in vacuum and harsh conditions thanks to a modular </span><span class="T2">design, with it being most effective in punching through infantry and light vehicles while having a range of 10km.</span></p><p class="P7"><span class="T9"/></p></body></html>