<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:49:09.899000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P3_borderStart { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P3 { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P3_borderEnd { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P5 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .P6_borderStart { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P6 { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P6_borderEnd { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .T1 { color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
    .T11 { font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P3_borderStart"><a id="docs-internal-guid-26b01911-7fff-d45b-6798-c53e036f5487"/><span class="T11">Naval Forces</span></p><p class="P1">Monmelobargan-Submarine Carrier</p><p class="P6">The Monmelobargan is a specially made submarine that can carry, launch, and maintain aircraft from its own stores. A surface displacement of 30,000 tons and a displacement equalling 50,000 tons when submerged makes this vessel difficult to transport off-world, though the costs are usually made up for thanks to effectiveness and survivability. Operating on a fusion power planet, the Monmelobargan is staffed by 100 individuals, with automation being used to handle the smaller crew numbers. This has helped reduce associated costs however, as the submarine is built to remain submerged for a total of three years in the event of either nuclear war when on a friendly planet or for the long-term invasion of an enemy planet. Both a water treatment center and hydroponics area are included, with crew members relying on rationing to maintain enough supplies for such long-term voyages. A full air scrubbing system is also included, giving the sub a system of life support effectively on the level of a spaceship. A thick peltor alloy hull and pressure sections also grant high survivability, letting the vessel reach 3km in depth. When submerged, it can maintain a speed of 30 knots, and when surfaced, this vessel has speeds of 25 knots. However, maintaining higher speeds or remaining at extreme depths can prove straining due to its launch bays and overall design. </p><p class="P6">For armaments, the Monmelobargan has two columns of torpedo launchers, with three ports in each column. These launch the WW-09 heavy torpedo, and each port tube usually has an ammo supply of five torpedos. Said launch tubes are also built with rail acceleration, and can fire torpedos with an initial kick in speed. These are then supported by a pair of launchers on the bottom of the submarine whom are built in the style of a dual barreled turret. Said turrets fire off WW-57 smart mini-torps from a shared ammunition dump of 70 torpedos. Rail acceleration also helps these turrets, with the miniature torpedos being pushed out fast enough to repel incoming projectiles. When surfaced, a pair of WW-13 point defense systems are made operation to repel both missiles and enemy aircraft, with a supply of 20,000 rounds and 20 missiles being given to each of the defensive mounts. A four tube missile silo is also included, with the capability to fire AW-01 ordnance out of them. No ICBMs can be launched from the base variant however, and the four-tube silos are limited to a total of 12 missiles for launching. Finally, a dual set of launch bays are included, with the bottom bay having two Monvinsee drones available for recon, screening, or tactical operations. The top bay, on the other hand, has five Drakengarde fighters and two Olban bombers being available, with the sub as a whole being able to maintain the craft of both bays. Variants of this submarine can swap out the four-tube missile silo for a single ICBM launcher however, and can even launch an Oluvik for strategic recon. </p><p class="P1">Monlagred-Stealth Destroyer</p><p class="P6">The Monlagred is a stealth destroyer intended to hunt enemy subs, provide light intel for friendly forces, and support larger operations with capital vessels. To this end, the entire vessel is built to reduce its radar signature, with the outer hull using a radar absorbent cover layered on top of its armor to prevent itself from being registered. The overall profile is also reduced, giving it a beam of 25 meters, a height of 28 meters, a draft of 3 meters, and a length of 105 meters. The dead weight is approximately 720 metric tons as a result, and a fusion power plant takes up most of the space to power the vessel. It can reach up to speeds of 60 knots using a hydrojet engine, with its operational range usually being only restrained by the need for maintenance. Automation has helped reduce crew count as well, leaving a total of 50 crew members to run the vessel. The vessel also mounts a wide array of countermeasures, and has its own electronic warfare system to focus on scrambling the detection and communications of enemy forces. With the ability to launch chaffe, fire flares, blare infrared, leave thermal smoke covers, and outright misdirect wirelessly guided missiles, the Monlagred can be classed as an ECM vessel, with its catamaran design helping reduce sonar detection as well.</p><p class="P6">For weapons, the Monlagred mounts a single long-barreled VP-01 cannon towards at its front for destroying light craft. It also has six torpedo launch ports at its prow which fire WW-09 heavy torpedos. An under-section also features six launch tubes meant to fire the smaller WW-57 torpedo along with WW-97 depth charges. These can all be remotely guided, and are used primarily for hunting enemy subs or for disabling larger enemy surface craft. The back section carries ammunition for these launchers, with most craft carrying 10 WW-09 torpedoes, 36 WW-57 mini torpedoes, and 12 WW-97 depth charges. Finally, the back section can either feature a dedicated missile silo capable of launching a single ICBM or up to five AW-01 missiles, or an outright launch hangar capable of hosting effectively any non-orbital aircraft, with up to five being carriable at once on average. The ship itself is then protected by two WW-13 systems and a combination of 300mm thick peltor alloy, spacing, and self-sealing slagcrete. </p><p class="P1">Monchidi-Heavy Battleship</p><p class="P6">The Monchidi heavy battleship is an old design only brought back as naval supremacy began to offer the chances for the bombardment of inland areas from new directions. Measuring 240 meters long, 35 meters wide, and 35 meters tall, with a draft of 10 meters making it falter in shallow waters quite quickly, the Monchidi is enormous. A weight of about 64,000 metric tons makes the ship additionally rare, as deploying it is often a hurdle in of itself. Zero measures are taken to prevent the ship from being detected, and it uses a full fusion planet to power itself and hydrojet engines that let it reach speeds of 35 knots. A full 1,500 crew members are responsible for running the ship as well, for despite intense automation, its own size which rivals a spaceship makes it strained if constantly operating. A multitude of torpedo nets are also used on the vessel to cover for its obvious weakness against submarines, and each net is made to be quickly replaced after taking a hit. Chaffe, flares, and infrared soft-kill measures are also mounted, though they tend to not be too effective, and as a final addition, the ship can be modified to have a catapult for launching its own supply of aircraft. </p><p class="P6">In terms of armament, the ship firstly features a total of four triple-barreled turrets built to use the WW-33 cannon. Shell counts for each turret are usually around 63, though divisoning of shell types can either reduce or increase this number. Loading is done in a two-stage operation with shells being loaded in every 12 seconds on average in an automated process. Two sets of eight tube missile silos accompany these, with standard ordnance being an AW-01 missile. The ammunition supply for these can number to be near 60, though this number is often a variable. Twenty dual-barreled VP-01 turrets are also included as a method of scouring away lighter craft, and their ammunition loads are usually around 50 shells for each turret. Four forward ports can also fire WW-09 torpedos, and launchers set up on the deck can throw either WW-57 mini torps as a defense or WW-97 depth charges as a form of attack. Finally, an array of 12 WW-13 point defense systems are mounted onto the Monchidi, scouring the air of both enemy ordnance and aircraft. The ship itself is also protected by half a meter thick peltor alloy, re-sealing slagcrete, total structural ferrofiber reinforcement, and sometimes what is outright reactive armor plating on the outside. Some sections also feature a full meter of peltor alloy, transforming the Monchidi from a standard battleship to more of a surface fortress in some eyes.</p><p class="P1_borderEnd">Monvinsee-Subpod Drone</p><p class="P5"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Monvinsee is a miniature unpiloted submarine meant to act as a screening force for larger craft and as an ordnance delivery system that does not expose more costly vessels. The vessel is built to measure 3 meters long, 3 meters wide, and 3 meters tall, giving it a smaller, spherical design. A Kessel engine is responsible for powering the craft, and the compact design allows it to reach depths of 11 kilometers underwater. A small hydrojet array also grants this vessel speeds of about 40 knots, and most mounted devices can be retracted into the hull to reduce water drag. Each Monvinsee is also capable of operating entirely without external directives, as the black box AI contained within is built to be entirely flexible for underwater combat due to the more numbers oriented nature of it. The operational range is a general variable, though if the vessel lowers drain by focusing on simple, passive maneuvering, it can reach ranges of about 2,000km. Built with a 20 centimeter thick hull, the Monvinsee is also surprisingly durable, and it has four racks that each carry eight WW-57 torps in a 2x4 format, letting it deliver precise blows or destroy enemy torps.</span></p><p class="P5"><span class="T2"/></p></body></html>