<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:48:37.655000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P3_borderStart { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P3 { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P3_borderEnd { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P6_borderStart { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P6 { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P6_borderEnd { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .Text_20_body { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0.0972in; line-height:115%; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    .T3 { color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; background-color:transparent; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P3_borderStart"><a id="docs-internal-guid-c2ed0127-7fff-5fa3-cb6a-9e4bc8a6fbf5"/>Naval Armaments</p><p class="P1">WW-33 Heavy Caliber Cannon</p><p class="P6">The WW-33 heavy caliber cannon is an old device augmented for modern warfare. It has both chemical and rail propulsion for firing a hypersonic 425mm shell at ranges of 300km. This extreme range lends to it having to often account for the curvature of a planet however, and the cannon’s own bulk makes it usable only as either a static fortress gun, a battleship’s cannon, or as a void ship’s weaponry. Its size makes it intended for heavy bombardment, and when used on a planet’s surface, it is intended to either engage with naval fortifications, inland structures, or a ship of relatively similar sizes. The primary shell is a relatively simple thermobaric explosive which delivers an explosive force equivalent to 15 tons of TNT. The secondary shell is a breach drill with a lessened explosive force equalling 5 tons of TNT in exchange for a penetration that can bust through a medium bunker. The third most common shell is simply a giant CDS meant to gas small cities effectively, with it being a terror weapon.</p><p class="P1">WW-13 Point Defense System</p><p class="P6">The WW-13 point defense system represents one of the latest stages of interception for the Vogelian Supremacy, and it was built with the thoughts of intercepting hypersonic targets. It uses both guns and missiles in a connected system, with a pair of VP-15 rotary cannons being mounted alongside a pair of six-tube VP-30 missile launchers. Reloading is entirely automatic, and performed through variable ammunition supplies provided by the vessel it is mounted onto. To control this system, an advanced computer system is provided, one that can synchronize its firing with other point defenses to more accurately bring down a target or spread fire to deal with en-mass opponents. The system can also independently track and fire on different targets even if unassisted, keeping the rapid interception consistent. The WW-13 can also be built with either its own detection system or rely on its vessel detection, letting it usually track targets out at 300 kilometers, with its missiles then being able to reach such ranges. Most notably, the computer has an anomaly referencer system which lets it pick through interference to distinguish when a target is using hypersonic speeds to outpace tracking, letting it instead keep on track with such targets and fire on them. Finally, the system itself is built to rotate and adjust fast enough to keep with second-long windows of firing, though it is still susceptible to either being outpaced by massive firing solutions, high-level stealth measures, or being disabled. </p><p class="P1">WW-97 Depth Charge</p><p class="P6">The WW-97 depth charge is a smart-munition used for destroying either submarines or underwater fortifications. Utilizing an armored shell for handling high pressure when at extreme depths, the WW-97 has a basic visual and sonar detection system made minute at its “front” for detection of enemy forces. Using a basic calculator, the WW-97 can then figure out its current range from a target, and supply itself a readout as to how effective a detonation at the moment would be. It also accounts for enemy movements and known capabilities, enabling it to choose when it has the best chance of causing heavy damage to an enemy vessel. Upon reaching this optimal point, it proceeds to detonate, releasing a five kiloton nuclear charge which can create massive bursts of water at the surface level when operating at lessened depths. Though bulky, it is quite lethal with its nuclear charge in a total aquatic environment, with it being undermined by detection of it, as the nuclear charge does not release if externally destroyed. </p><p class="P1">WW-09 Heavy Torpedo</p><p class="P6">The WW-09 heavy torpedo is a relatively simple device with decent maneuvering and a basic level of internal guidance. Launched out of ships or larger submarines, it has an effective range of 40km and a maximum speed exceeding 250 knots. It has a 550mm diameter, with it using a nuclear warhead that has an explosive yield equivalent to two kilotons of TNT. Its power, along with supercavitating methods of travel for high speeds also enables it to intercept the torpedoes of enemy vessels rather effectively. This is more reliably accomplished by adjusting fins and an internal tracker which can route the most likely modes of travel for a different object, letting it enter a new intercept course without any input from the vessel that launched it. This all makes it more costly however, making a mass deployment of such torpedos relatively inefficient, especially when considering the potency of just one. </p><p class="P1_borderEnd">WW-57 Smart Mini Torpedo</p><p class="Text_20_body"><span class="T3">    </span><span class="T2">The WW-57 is a heavily downsized smart torpedo made for rapid, miniature craft of the seas and as a form of underwater point defense. Given a 125mm diameter, the mini-torp is near the levels of a tank shell in both lethality and size, and it mounts its own propellant system in the form of spinning fans. Fins are included as well, letting it maneuver freely underwater, intercept other projectiles, avoid most forms of aquatic point defense, and strike a swift target like a patrol boat or destroyer with added accuracy. The first type of warhead for this is similar to a depth charge and banks on a similar method of dealing damage, with it detonating with a force equivalent to 15kg of TNT. The second type of warhead is a specialized breach needle that uses a secondary detonation when near a target to push forward a smaller projectile for puncturing of a hull, similar to a SLAP round. The third type of warhead is entirely non-lethal, and has a basic clamp and magnet device for latching onto an enemy vessel whereupon it sends out a signal for active tracking. All warheads also mount a small system for independent tracking and guidance to a target, letting them act as underwater missiles that can be fired en-masse. </span></p></body></html>