<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:45:44.873000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P2_borderStart { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P2 { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P2_borderEnd { font-size:14pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P4 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .T1 { color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    .T3 { color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; background-color:transparent; }
    .T9 { text-decoration:none ! important; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P2_borderStart"><a id="docs-internal-guid-a4de682c-7fff-aca4-2fc8-6f8433a5d086"/>Infantry Forces</p><p class="P1_borderEnd">Vogelian Line Infantry</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The most common soldiers amidst the Vogelian forces are the line infantry which appear in squads of five to ten people with a squad leader for each group. The IO-5 helmet and IO-9 body armor are worn by these soldiers along with standard boots, trousers, and a IO-26 belt. The Mark 13 battle rifle and Mark 35 assault rifle are the choices for a main weapon, with all soldiers carrying a Mark 3 combat knife. Two grenades of provided payloads are also carried, with Mark 7 pistols often being worn as a backup. In larger squads, one to two soldiers are responsible for carrying a single Mark 24 missile launcher and ammo as a means of dealing with vehicles, with all line infantry having an IO-2 flak cloak and IO-4 wing cloak to complete their gear loadouts. Thanks to a flexible nature, these soldiers are sometimes provided different loadouts for specialized missions or unorthodox enemies, keeping them relevant in most battlefields and exotic enemies equally.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The line infantry of the Vogelian military are trained for four months before placement into an official deployment. Though this is lengthy, it offers a higher tactical prowess for soldiers while also helping them push past combat shock with live fire exercises being performed when at the end of training. This has led to a basic level of independent management for the soldiers, with them often carrying equipment of their choice in the aforementioned bracers. These line infantry are also introduced to various environments ranging from basic deserts and swamps to outright toxic, corrosive, or thermally extreme atmospheres, with each soldier trained in usage of the EEOS IO-1 in the event of deployment to hazardous conditions.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian Heavy Support</p><p class="P4"><span class="T3">    </span><span class="T2">The Vogelian heavy support is split into two forms of supporting soldiers meant to utilize heavy weapons in the field. The first are teams of infantry moving emplacement weapons while working with field engineers from the general field support to fortify positions and provide heavy fire in the front lines. When in teams, the heavy support wears the same armor as line infantry while carrying either a Mark 47 sniper rifle, the Mark 24 missile launcher, sets of Mark 35 converted LMGs, or the Mark 49 portable autocannon. Extra ammo for such weapons is also carried along with shovels and fortification material that is used in tandem with field support to help reinforce an area. These teams can uniquely sometimes roll forward converted vehicular weapons, bringing up heavier guns as the situation demands. Training for these soldiers can be just two to three months, though most have four to ensure flexibility with line infantry.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The second form of heavy support comes in the form of what are often augmented units donning the heavy IO-7 helmet, the heavy IO-15 body armor, heavy trousers, and the standard boots. These slow soldiers may not even wear a cloak to complement their armor, with Mark 24 missile launchers, Mark 12 slug cannons, dedicated Mark 35 LMGs, a Mark 47 sniper rifle, or sometimes even a Mark 49 portable autocannon being carried by them. A bundle of three to four grenades, a Mark 3 combat knife, and sometimes even a Mark 79 high frequency blade may accompany such weapons, with the loadout finalizing by having two IO-27 furnace bracers. Such soldiers are trained for four months bare </span><span class="T2">minimum, and are fairly rare while being quite recognizable thanks to individually decorated equipment.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian Reconnaissance</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The Vogelian reconnaissance is a general mix of both scouts and sniper support meant to attain intel on the enemy while providing long-range support whenever it is opportune. These soldiers wear a cover of active camo, or IO-30, and exclusively use the Mark 47 sniper rifle for their duties. They also don the IO-12 variant of boots, IO-22 trousers, the IO-26 belt, the IO-5 helmet, and sometimes IO-9 body armor. They also usually wear the IO-4 wing cloak, with some having IO-2 flak cloaks as well. Snipers will work in groups of two, with a spotter and a primary sniper operating as pairs to identify targets and weak points before opening fire. A few work solo to perform what are effectively suicide missions in taking out high priority targets, but most focus on field support while operating with two members. Scouts on the other hand will work in groups of three to five, moving through rough terrain to remain hidden while gaining intel on enemy positions, movements, and fortifications. These scouts can also sometimes perform sabotage, with small packs of plastic explosives being planted in critical points. Scouts may also swap their sniper rifles for Mark 13 battle rifles if they expect heavier combat, with some groups being equipped for ambush operations on identified convoys.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian Drone Assisters</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The drone assisters of the Vogelian Supremacy are heavily varied, with each possessing their own role in the field. The most common type is a small tracked vehicle with a basic control array, ability for automation, and a sensor unit. Half the size of a human at most, this drone is a simple carry-bot, with it being used to help soldiers transport ammo and extra supplies without weighing themselves down. The second type of drone is a small hovering robot, which is most commonly used by reconnaissance troopers. It is about the size of a bird and uses basic radar minimization to reduce its signature while having masking that helps reduce both thermal and infrared readings coming off of it. It can be given a pre-made route and basic automated actions to let it operate in radio silence, with its underneath featuring a potent array of scopes made for visual recording, thermal detection, infrared readings, and gravitic detection. It also uses a small passive radar, and can fire up a small jet engine on its back to perform high speed escapes or pass overs to get new intel. There exists another variant of the hover intel drone, with the many scopes and means of reducing a detecting signature being removed in exchange for a larger and heavier frame that is armored with three millimeters of peltor alloy and dragonscale covers. It also mounts a basic Mark 35 LMG on the underneath, with micro-missile pods being placed on the side to deliver payloads equivalent to a grenade. These drones can also have smoke, gas, and other alternative warheads for their micro-missiles, granting additional utility to troops. All of these are rarely massed, and intended for simple support only.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian Commandos</p><p class="P4"><span class="T3">    </span><span class="T2">Vogelian commandos are effectively the stormtroopers of the Vogelian military, with their ranks being full of veterans and specially trained elites. While being small in numbers, these soldiers are excellent in dealing with entrenched positions, and can usually be found in groups of ten each, with </span><span class="T2">there usually being four groups in each personal operation given to them. Training for them has a length of six months, bare minimum, and features extreme pressure on the soldiers as they are pushed through blood-filled practices, their psyche being excessively tested to ensure they remain calm when taking on an enemy soldier personally. These soldiers are expected to operate in any given environment, with the more closely packed combat actions found in jungle environments, urban remains, and ship boarding actions being their specialty. Tactics are as such incredibly aggressive, and while armor picks are often quite varied, the Mark 12 slug cannon is a common mainstay for weapon choices. Mark 35 assault rifles are usually found alongside this, and an excess of grenades is quite common upon each soldier. The commandos are also the first infantry classification known to commonly have custom equipment as veterans obtain their own designs for personal combat methods. These units are considered to be an example of real soldiers, with their aggression being an inspiration to others.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian Powered Units</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The powered units of the Vogelian Supremacy were only recently introduced after power armor was fully developed and began official production. To be expected, the soldiers found here are all augmented and wear the Mark 1 power suit, with deployments being quite rare and the soldier count for such units being quite low. Training usually takes around four months, though it can be easily made shorter depending on how quickly a soldier becomes accustomed to the powered armor. Not many handle the suits well however, making such soldiers rarer, and far more eccentric in personalities. Weapon choices are incredibly varied as such, and once one makes it past their first deployment, custom equipment is almost always picked up. These units almost never operate solo however-while seeing more than one powered unit in the same place is rare, they themselves are normally treated as a form of heavy support and as such are found alongside squads of other infantry, helping provide an extra punch for both breakthrough and holding operations. They will sometimes even be used as a form of transport for heavy supplies, their role being as flexible as their own potency.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian Cybersoldiers</p><p class="P4"><span class="T3">    </span><span class="T2">The Vogelian cybersoldiers are a rare class of units made to be hyper-specialized within their roles. Utterly terrifying in form and function, a cybersoldier represents the second to final step of augmentation, for their bodies are entirely replaced, leaving only the brain assisted by the bare minimum biological functions. Everything else is a high-grade construction of some sort, with there being no real consistent form across the many cybersoldiers. Some are made to be demonically  flexible, capable of shifting their forms into that of another objects while others have shoved their bodies full of custom weapons to a point of ridiculousness. Cybersoldiers are deployed only for high value targets or extreme situations while usually under the cover of chemicals, with the loss of even one being seen as unacceptable due to them only occasionally being made from soldiers who have high levels of both experience and augmentation. They are avoided by other soldiers however, as their disregard for collateral is oft terrifying.</span></p><p class="P1">Vogelian General Field Support</p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">The general field support of the Vogelian Supremacy is an all-rounder term referring to the medics, field engineers, intel relayers, sappers, and constructors intended to keep soldiers in the fight. People found here are usually trained for just two to three months, though they all possess a college level of education in order to work with the advanced technology found in the military. While the bare minimum of standard boots and trousers are found in most cases for armor, individuals may not necessarily have body armor or cloaks as they usually work just behind friendly lines. Training for the EEOS IO-1 is provided however, in the event that battleline supply is needed in hazardous environments. Mark 7 pistols and sometimes Mark 35 assault rifles are used for weapons, while the only true universal gear found amongst the general field support is the IO-26 utility belt and a filtration unit designed to cover the head. In addition, drones are exceptionally common with the field support units, with construction bots appearing at times to help fortify positions.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T1">    </span><span class="T2">In the general field support, medics are usually most common, with most carrying basic surgery tools, bio-sealant foams, antidotes for chemical attacks, and quick-delivery restoring drugs. Advanced medics are trained in outright cybernetic surgery, working further behind lines to fully restore soldiers who were heavily wounded. The next most common speciality is that of a field engineer, who simply works to perform repairs on vehicles, emplacement weapons, and sometimes armor. Their equipment is as such usually that of spare parts, welding tools, sealing foam, cutting implements, and extra energy cells. Intel relayers then appear as the next major specialty, and are purely responsible for setting up monitoring arrays before proceeding to sift through gathered data, relaying critical information to troops. Construction workers are also found, being responsible for building defenses of all types while also helping set up factories and resource collectors for planetary conquest. Sappers are deployed as well in fairly large numbers, with the IO-30 active camo being worn and a combination of detection tools with disabling tools meant to find traps in both ships and battlefields before removal being used. Many other specialties also exist, but they are rarer and not found in the front lines often.</span></p><p class="P4"><span class="T9"/></p></body></html>