<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T17:14:55.627000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:49:47.040000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1_borderStart { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P1_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P4 { font-size:12pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:lr-tb; text-align:justify ! important; }
    .P5_borderStart { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-top:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P5 { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P5_borderEnd { font-size:11pt; line-height:138%; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-align:justify ! important; text-indent:0.5in; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .P7_borderStart { font-size:14pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-top:0in; line-height:138%; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P7 { font-size:14pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in; padding-bottom:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
    .P7_borderEnd { font-size:14pt; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-bottom:0in; line-height:138%; text-align:justify ! important; color:#d9d9d9; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:bold; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
    .T11 { font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P7_borderStart"><a id="docs-internal-guid-74f558ab-7fff-65cc-4bfc-9c7df0498b50"/>Planetary Mega-Vehicles<span class="T11"> </span></p><p class="P1">Helevanderag-Land Conquest Factory</p><p class="P5">The Helevanderag is an enormous, moving factory integrated with what amounts to be a mobile command center. Designed by a vingresan inventor, this land conquest factory was the solution to the impossible task of gaining early orbital supremacy for the necessary supplying of an invading army. The entirety of the bottom half is simply a giant construction facility, and includes fracking tools at the back for raw resource extraction, a central processing bay responsible for refining both salvaged and drained materials, and a full assembly line at the front capable of producing any standardized armor, weapon, or vehicle necessary for a planet’s conquest. A fusion power plant and full command center is then placed just above, leaving them to be centred for the most overall protection. The top of the moving building meanwhile mounts weapon systems intended to act as either long range bombardment, a basic form of anti-orbital, or as point defense against incoming enemy bombardment and air raids. Deployment facilities for any vehicles or supplies it makes are then situated based off their relevant points, leaving air units to be launched from the top where deployment pads and rail tubes can be found while land units simply roll out a forward deployment bay and aquatic units can be ejected out of the back bay that can act as a miniature drydock if needed. The Helevanderag is also made to be modular across all fronts, including its assembly line, and will often have a specialized form of movement for the planet it was built to invade, though the standard propulsion is simply giant tracks built with armor coverings. A full sensor array, FTL communications port, and active AI core complete this, granting the Helevanderag the ability to coordinate the assault of an entirely unknown planet while still maintaining contact with the core worlds. </p><p class="P5">For weapons, it is first worth noting that all ammunition loads are complete variables, as the Helevanderag can not only produce its own ammo, but also have its supply stores modified to grant different weapon types priority, as different planetary environments can sometimes have a certain enemy force present more often than others. The provided weapon loadout can also be modified not only during the construction of a Helevanderag, but during the course of a war too as commanding officers may find it prudent to focus on countering a certain enemy type. As such, there is no true standard loadout, though nearly every version will include at least a single ICMB launcher built with rail acceleration to fire missiles directly into low orbit. In addition, sets of WW-33 turrets, usually made to be dual-barreled, are placed within bunker-like constructions near the top to provide reliable bombardment capabilities. Top mounts of both VP-33 and VP-30 weapons often numbering up to 20 in total are also included to intensify bombardment, or in the case of the VP-30, support a full array of 15 WW-13 point defense systems. The smaller VP-17 gun also litters many points to reduce the load of larger guns when dealing with excess rockets, and six-tube missile silos intended to fire AW-01 ordnance at the top are also commonly added to counter high atmosphere bombing runs. Beyond that, weapon mounts are entirely variable, with some generals choosing to have an excess of rotary guns when dealing with an infantry focused army, or outright specialized CDS mounts placed at intervals for cleansing operations. Armor for the Helevanderag is also relatively variable and modular, though reactive plating can be found on nearly every section, covering meter thick peltor alloy armor, full slagcrete bulks, and high-grade ferrofiber reinforcement. </p><p class="P1">Olcmonchid-Submerged Fortress</p><p class="P5">The Olcmonchid is an even larger method of invasion made by a Gesan team when a suitable equivalent to the Helevanderag was demanded for handling worlds with far larger oceanic masses. The Olcmonchid as such has absolutely zero forms of propulsion. Instead, when performing an invasion, the Olcmonchid is simply dropped into the ocean of an opposing world where it sinks to the bottom before fully deploying. Using drill anchors and spiked clamps, this base connects itself to the ocean floor before coming to a stop, where surveying of the nearby area begins. After an initial sweep, mineral extraction is begun using automated drones who can work at such extreme depths without failure. From such a position, the Olcmonchid can proceed to the construction of a full navy at the bottom of the ocean thanks to its bottom section having a full mineral processing section and an enormous construction yard sized up enough to serve as a drydock for vehicles equivalent to the Monmelobargan in scale. These factory lines are relatively less modular however, and for obvious reasons, the Olcmunchid has difficulty in deploying a Monchidi or Monlagred class vessel. For power, a fusion plant is included at the direct center of the Olcmonchid, and just above it is a command center which is surrounded by the living quarters for military staff and crew. Finally, a large scale uranium enrichment center is also included into the Olcmonchid, granting the fortress the ability to produce nuclear weapons without the need of salvaging the necessary radioactive materials from enemy forces. There is no function for FTL communications however, and due to its immobile nature, the Olcmonchid relies on thermal detection or outbound Monvinsee scouts for detecting enemy forces ahead of time, as sonar can reveal its position far too quickly. An AI core does at least assist with both the maintaining of automated processes and with helping the aboard commanding staff handle the large-scale operations conducted from such a base. </p><p class="P5">To keep itself safe beyond just launched naval forces, the top mounts a giant array of launch ports built with rail acceleration, with there being about 125 ports for WW-57 mini torps and about 40 ports for the larger WW-09 torpedos on average. Dedicated launch tubes can also rapidly deploy multiple Monvinsee drones within minutes, enabling a long range defense without endangering or revealing the main base. Three rail-accelerating ICBM silos are also included that fire specialized versions of a normal ICBM intended to actually breach the ocean surface without breaking down from rapid pressure changes. Said ICBMs are expensive even compared to the standard versions, making them only deployable in the late stages of a war or as a single-time measure against overwhelming enemy forces. What sets the Olcmonchid apart is its ability for self-expansion however, as the construction facilities aboard enable one to push the base past its initial starting point. With pre-built airlocks designed to connect onto additional facilities, the Olcmonchid can become a full citadel on the ocean floor given enough time and resources. The Olcmonchid is also built to withstand nuclear detonations and the shockwaves produced by one underwater, as slagcrete is thickly layered just underneath a fully reinforced peltor hull made to have multiple redundant layers for expanding pressure and heat buildup. This durability is made in part to withstand the pressures of its operational depth, though this does make even a single vessel of this class incredibly expensive, and the construction of one can prove to be a larger investment than an FTL ship. Thusly, the loss of one is an enormous blow, and is affordable only in the stages where a full naval fleet is now operating on a scale large enough to threaten a full world with minimal support. </p><p class="P1">Melemelobarg-Airborne Deployment Platform</p><p class="P5">The Melemelobarg is a flying aircraft carrier intended to rapidly deploy airborne units into an area while keeping itself mobile and out of an enemy’s reach. Utilizing wings that can fold in, this aircraft can either use a ground effect to remain approximately five to ten meters above the ocean surface or outright push its engines and turboprops to fly at high altitudes. Such a vessel is limited to only be capable of launching or landing on large bodies of water, but once airborne, it can remain airborne for a year, with a surface ceiling of 40 kilometers. The Melemelobarg also has an average speed of 800km/h, and uses a fission engine to supply itself the power for its heavy loads. It houses 35 crew members, 15 staff, and the pilots for its aircraft, all of whom are located in the forward section while sometimes working in the underneath cargo hold. Said cargo hold can carry approximately ten Drakengarde fighters, two Olban stealth bombers, and three accompanying Semso drones, with a modified variant being capable of carrying either two Cheb V-9 helis, two Nym dropships, two V-3 Cheb transports, or three V-1 Cheb attack helis. It also carries ammo holds intended to supply multiple strikes for said aircraft, with it usually being able to supply combat for about six months without any resupply. The top deck has a dual craft elevator and two runways, which allows aircraft to land and launch at the same time while also loading in two aircraft at a time to stow away vehicles for long-term transit. Both runways are built with launch catapults which provide the necessary velocity for take-offs at high altitude, with the runways having moving sections that connect to the understowage, letting a landed plane be quickly resupplied and refueled in a procedure lasting 10 minutes at maximum before the craft is launched again. An FTL communications center, meteorology measurements station, and detection suite is also included, letting a Melemelobarg avoid large weather formations and communicate with core worlds while maintaining an assault. The crew area also has an internal CIC for providing reliable command, though it struggles with managing the information needed for a full battlefield due to the vessel’s independent nature. </p><p class="P5_borderEnd">The Melemelobarg has little in the way of weapons however, as it is reliant on its aircraft for supplying both defensive and offensive capabilities. It does mount four WW-13 point defense systems on its bottom section and an additional four WW-13 turrets on top though, helping push away the few raids something like this would have to deal with. Each of these point defense turrets usually have just three reloads for their missile sections and about 15,000 rounds for the rotary guns available however, making an extended fight overwhelm the ship. A few variants can also mount a basic ICBM carrier on the underneath, which uses rail acceleration for a partial boost to enable long range strategic destruction, and a possible form of anti-orbital. Such an undercarriage only has one shot however, and must be externally re-supplied. The ICBM undercarriage variant can also have its ICBM replaced with eight AW-01 missiles as a limited level of ordnance, and some carriers will also have around 20 WW-97 depth charges that can be simply dropped out the end when in a low altitude or using ground effect to bombard submerged targets. Otherwise, the Melemelobarg relies on its speed and constant mobility, with some commanders layering the outer chassis with radar-absorbent materials to stave off long-range radar. A basic ECM suite is also usually included, providing a soft-kill variant of countermeasures. The armor itself consists of outer reactive plates and a 130mm thick peltor alloy hull. This makes it entirely immune to small-arms and the standard aircraft rotary gun, though it is more intended to help deflect shrapnel, glancing blows, and miniature ordnance.</p><p class="P4"><span class="T2"/></p></body></html>