<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T16:56:13.346000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P2 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P3 { font-size:14pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T8 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T12  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P3">C<span class="T12">ommunications</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8">        In the more technical side of domestic technology, the greater scope of Vogelian advancements can be seen. An enormous wireless information grid exists within their nation, with FTL comms enabling constant passage of new ideas, deals, and more between planets and systems. Cybernetic enhancement is also quite common and cheap, with nearly every citizen having at least one augment to assist in their daily life. Quantum computation is the standard and the education system has been repeatedly boosted, allowing more successful students to perform their own laboratory tests in school while teachers classify students through personalized oral-based exams. This has led to crimes being more common however, as schools have both the knowledge base to make a genius and the chemicals to make a plastic explosive. The enormous population has also led to the aforementioned classification system, which not only rates the general intelligence of an individual, but also the fields they lean towards. Though this is not a hardline guarantee of one’s spot in life, it is often a form of guidance or minor restriction, with most companies relying on it to identify who can be hired.</span></p></body></html>