<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T16:47:42.071000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P2 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P3 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-indent:0.5in; }
    .T2 { color:#d9d9d9; font-size:14pt; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T6 { color:#d9d9d9; font-weight:bold; }
    .T7 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
     { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P2"><span class="T2">Materials</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T6">        </span><span class="T7">Domestic technology has almost exclusively formed from the trickle-down of constant military advancement, creating an overall higher grade of construction. This primarily takes form in cities being built as fortified centers with materials intended to withstand nuclear warfare or basic clothes having fibers designed for military usage woven into them. Though such standards are resource intensive, they have been maintained thanks to materials like slag bags and polywool being meshed with efficient factory designs. This is backed by fusion nuclear reactors made prevalent thanks to constant past construction streamlining the setup of such generators. Basic needs like water and power are also supplied via underground connections, with an orbital layer assisting this as advanced carbon nanotube production enables space elevators to be one of the first major buildings in new colonies. This still leads to high levels of resource consumption however, and with the military furthering such a drain, the expansionist demand is reinforced in the Vogelian Supremacy.</span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T7">The aforementioned slag bags are a common material across all aspects including military, though their usage in civilian needs manages to outpace army needs. Slag bags come about as a byproduct from inefficient large scale iron and steel production centers, with its usefulness excusing the heavy demands of iron from such factories. While only a step above things like engineered soil, slag bags are easily compacted and placed into most standard construction forms as a material that has replaced the mortar in buildings. With thermal hardening, it can be sealed off from water damage, and added glaze reduces the need for maintenance. A carbon based, resin impregnated mesh then ensures it can hold as a mortar while minimizing erosion for long-term construction.</span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T7">Such a material is only outmatched in usage by polywool, a deviant creation of the low-grade carbon nanotube factories spread over the nation. While it does become toxic in the wrong conditions to a point where exposure can result in heavy burns, bodily deterioration, and worse, polywool is still used en-masse thanks to easy manufacturing and sheer applicability. Its lightweight, fluffy semi transparent fibrous mesh enables it to easily be used as construction reinforcement and winter gear stuffing, with it having also replaced fiberglass in all available uses of the latter material. It also sizes up to be just below aluminum in the effectiveness of temporary construction and scaffolding as well, allowing for rapid deployment of fortifications or buildings in new zones when used by construction teams.</span></p></body></html>