<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:04:27.895000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P3 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P4 { font-size:14pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T8 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T20  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P4">H<span class="T20">istory</span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T8">        Most historical records for the Vogelian Supremacy are simply scattered, or unreliable. A general lack of internal propaganda has left history unmodified in its tales, though this is disrupted by earlier wars having muddled their past. It was only after astronomy became established that historical records were finally reliable thanks to most books managing to actually survive conflicts. At that time though, the homeworld had been separated into a variety of nations from which many were ready for war. As the knowledge of other worlds began to spread though, a new ideal started to appear across the world-the idea that they should be unified to face all the threats of the universe. Ordinarily, this would have resulted in a peaceful unification, but instead nearly all nations declared war simultaneously as the disparate leaders had decided they could only unify under someone able to prove themselves through utter supremacy. Superpowers rose and fell, and neutral nations slated to win by sheer virtue of being the last standing were instead obliterated by more haughty emperors and kings. For about 300 years, the world was embroiled in continuous conflict before the importance of technological advancement became clear. </span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T8">        From this point forward, the world’s nature of war shifted drastically, being more comparable to the Cold War era of Earth where nations built themselves up slowly, waiting to strike while spreading their ideologies. Moves were made carefully to a point of stagnation, but just after the invention of the first nuclear bomb, the Vog nation managed to crush the Suxra Dominion, leaving 33% of the world’s territory under its control. It would take only five decades afterwards for the Vog nation to take over the rest of the world and reform itself into the Vogelian Supremacy, with the leader at that time working to ensure the nation had an instilled desire to keep advancing so that it would live on successfully without him. </span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T8">        Eventually, Viln would succeed the previous leader, Vog, and from there promptly end up pushing the ideals of constant advancement even further, to a point of creating an innate drive for supremacy. His focus remained on the military above all though, with him constantly testing its abilities and demanding new inventions, but such an early end to genuine conflict left his desire for better technologies stoppered. As such, Viln would end up commanding an utterly insane maneuver just to ensure the nation never fell behind in what it aimed for. This took the form of launching an attack against the neighboring star system suspected to have an alien civilization in it with only STL ships available. </span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T8">        This assault is still a mark of pride for the Vogelian Supremacy, and stands as one of the main reasons their technology, especially that in the military, does not stagnate. With enormous generation ships loaded up with armies, labs, and all needed supplies, the Vogelian Supremacy sent off a fleet on a course to the neighboring system whilst furiously researching FTL on their homeworld. In the 70 years of travel that would follow, Viln found himself near death, but alive just in time to start receiving signals from the invading ships. Apparently the alien civilization was a relatively balanced nation of a unified race with early prods at advanced communications and travel. The invading fleet had naturally stolen such communication and with signals now taking about a few months to make it back and forth between the systems, Nitals found himself able to command a massive war against an alien force completely taken aback by the fact that someone had been suicidal enough to send generational ships in the hopes of just having a chance at another war. New strategies and tactics were furiously invented over the course of this conflict accompanied by all sorts of new military advances, leading to an eventual victory as prideful military forces ripped apart the capital of the xenos race amidst desperate nuclear rain from the defenders-and the attacker’s own dirty bombs. </span></p><p class="P3"><span class="T8">        Viln would then shortly die after the successful conclusion of the war, leaving the now far larger Vogelian Supremacy with a newly developing colony and captured world in the hands of Varis Doxaf. </span><span class="T8">Varis is unique in his position as being the first leader made biologically immortal through artificial means, marking his reign to be undoubtedly a long one. His style of ruling was made quite clear early on though, as he authorized far larger wargames than before whilst simultaneously taking a direct role in helping a new FTL method be developed to connect the new territory he was now in control of. Advancement for just his own race had transformed into an advancement for the nation as a whole thanks to the addition of a secondary race, and he has kept this approach in a harsh manner, believing that no effort should be spared in making the Vogelian Supremacy tower over all others, even if it meant eradicating people within who undermined this goal or accepting others into their arms.</span></p></body></html>