<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:02:48.555000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P2 { font-size:14pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T10 { color:#d9d9d9; font-family:Arial; font-size:11pt; }
    .T8 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T18  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P2">S<span class="T18">ubcultures</span></p><p class="P1"><span class="T8">        Subcultures exist </span><span class="T10">beyond mainstream nationalism</span><span class="T8">, with the most common being found near areas of intense state industry. Here, citizens are usually somewhat disgruntled with their lives compared to the norm of people being content while carrying ambitions, as work tends to be unrelenting and around various hazards. They do not strike against the state however, as working for the nation directly offers lowered tax rates and decent pay. There is also usually an above-average array of goods to purchase, with military life being mixed in about evenly. Crime rates are not overly high thanks to heightened state security, and this overall lends to a somewhat more uptight nature of citizens found in such areas, for they see themselves as true members of the nation.</span></p><p class="P1"><span class="T8">        The second type of subculture is located near private enterprises. Here, conditions are below average, and pay rates are sometimes crippling, though clever manipulation by the companies has broken the spirits of citizens in such conditions to prevent open rebellion. As such, the people here are practically seen as a subclass, and conquered races make up the majority of the workforce, heightening such prejudice. Despite this, locals often host gatherings where people bring together all sorts of unique foods for times of celebration, while also sometimes having colorful festivals to anoint cultural practices of old. This makes the subculture of such areas to be amongst the last still celebrating holidays not directly related to the nation, leaving it as practically a museum of what life may have once been like.</span></p><p class="P1"><span class="T8">        The last noteworthy subculture is found in the slums near the workings of the Vogelian underworld. Crime rates are abnormally high in such places, being beaten only by the entirely illegal nature of the aforementioned underworld. One can find lesser gangs housed here, along with various maddened cults seeking to hide themselves from state security. If one is not a desperate civilian living in poverty, they are usually a member of the main scrappers gang which focuses on ripping cybernetic augments off of others before selling it in the black market. They alone make simple travel dangerous, but curiously enough the most menacing presence is that of the Techno-Rise cult. Who or what formed this group is entirely unknown, but members of it believe that true AI is a godly being that must be worshipped. Such a faith is often spread through force, and small wars have sometimes occurred against the cult with chemical weapons usually being unleashed in the process by the cult rather than state forces. </span></p></body></html>