<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2019-12-23T16:39:35.838000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2019-12-23T17:03:32.430000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P2 { font-size:11pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; }
    .P3 { font-size:14pt; line-height:115%; text-align:justify ! important; font-family:Arial; writing-mode:lr-tb; color:#d9d9d9; text-decoration:underline; font-weight:bold; }
    .T8 { color:#d9d9d9; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
     { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; background-color:#660000; "><p class="P3">Underworld</p><p class="P2"><span class="T8">        The Vogelian underworld is a seemingly ever-present force on the main worlds of the nation. What started as a simple black market has grown immensely as the possibilities of new technologies expanded what could be found there. Said black market still remains as the core though, and smuggling is often taken up to keep the flow of goods coming in. Usually found near the slums of border cities, the underworld has maintained itself primarily thanks to large corporate heads sustaining corruption in the state. State security will usually as such avoid where the underworld is located, either to keep their own skins safe or to earn just a few more credits. Funnily enough, entering a district which houses the underworld is relatively easy, as one just has to avoid the scrapper gangs to reach where older, decaying buildings still stand. There, one is usually checked over before being let into one of the buildings that has an elevator leading into underground facilities, granting such a place its name of the underworld. Money flows quickly in the underworld, and while every action made is illegal in some way or another, a person here can make money the fastest, assuming they survive.</span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8">        While the underworld is held up by a variety of items for sale, the biggest markets are cybernetic augments usually provided by scrapper gangs and hard drugs synthesized from either stolen medicines of a hospital or from the materials snatched out of a learning institute. A person can get their hands on substances which can hallucinate entire worlds or get themselves hooked up with the latest cyborg arm advancements for cheap, though neither pick guarantees the person living afterwards. Alongside this, one can get their hands on exotic creatures, lost artifacts, cultural relics, or even slaves. Simply put, if there is a demand, there is a supply, though surprisingly military gear is rarely found as strict procedures in the state make it difficult to have it be sold even in the underworld. Backing this all up is naturally an enormous gambling industry, comprised of both more “fashionable” activities like cards and chess along with less savory things like the fighting pits. Well structured mafias are primarily responsible for the selling of such items though, with lesser gangs often being pushed out or simply under hire. The many kingpins found here have quite a wide reach into the main cities as well thanks to connections with the remains of the elite corporations, and as such are the primary target of the state who wishes to eliminate the corruption that spawned from such individuals. Purges will sometimes make their way into the underworld as well, though to this day this subculture still stands strong, serving as a check of power for the hardened nation above. </span></p><p class="P2"><span class="T8">        However, even with the focus on drugs, cyborg parts, and the leading mafias, nothing defines the underworld more than the fighting pits. Serving as the main piece of the gambling industry, these underground arenas feature nearly all possible types of competitors ranging from desperate veterans, eager martial arts fighters, enslaved xenos species, exotic war beasts, custom-made monsters, and mutated horrors left over from irradiated wastelands. It is here that intense betting lets one make money the fastest out of any spot in the underworld, as just one right guess or rigging of a victory can shower one in wealth. But just like any other part of the underworld, cutthroat tactics and back-stabbings are common, with many ending up dead just after having scored a victory full of money. Mafias also work to maintain the balance here, and even if one plays by all the rules while surviving daggers in their back, they ultimately can still be cast out if the kingpins deem their interference above tolerance.</span></p></body></html>